var FACTS = [

    "Llamas are large animals. They can be 6 feet tall and reach between 280 and 450 pounds.",
    "Llamas can carry about a quarter of their body weight, so a 400-pound male llama can carry about 100 pounds on a trek of 10 to 12 miles with no problem.",
    "Llamas have excellent sight, smell and hearing, which are used for detection of potential danger.",
    "Llamas are very social animals. They live in groups composed of up to 20 animals called herds.",
    "Llamas are known as animals that spit when provoked or threatened. They can spit at humans also, but they usually spit at each other to solve misunderstandings in the group. ",
    "Llamas are very intelligent, but stubborn animals. When the load on its back is too heavy, a llama will refuse to carry it until some of the load is removed.",
    "The lifespan of a llama is between 20 and 30 years.",
    "Llamas are members of the camelid, or camel, family.",
    "LLamas' ancestors first appeared on the Central Plains of North America about 40 million years ago and migrated to South America about 3 million years ago.",
    "Llamas were first domesticated and used as pack animals 4,000 to 5,000 years ago in the Peruvian highlands.",
    "While cow's stomachs are well known for having four compartments, llamas' have three: the rumen, omasum, and abomasum.",
    "A baby llama is called a \"cria.\" It's pronounced KREE-uh. Mama llamas usually only have one baby at a time, with twins being incredibly rare.",
    "The llamas' gestation period lasts for about 350 days—nearly a full year. Crias (baby llamas) weigh 20 to 35 pounds at birth.",
    "Llamas come in a range of solid and spotted colors including black, gray, beige, brown, red and white.",
    "Llamas have two wild \"cousins\" which have never been domesticated: the vicuña and the guanaco.",
    "The current population of llamas and alpacas in South America is estimated to be more than 7 million, and there are about 158,000 llamas and 100,000 alpacas in the U.S. and Canada today.",
    "Trying to tell the difference between a llama and an alpaca? Two obvious things to look for: Llamas are generally about twice the size of alpacas, and alpacas have short, pointy ears, whereas llamas have much longer ears that stand straight up and give them an alert look.",
    "Llamas, as domesticated animals who live primarily in captivity, do not face any risk of endangerment.",
    "Llamas do not have hooves but their feet do have soft, leathery pads and two toes with toenails.",
    "Llamas have a maximum ground speed of around 35 miles or 56 kilometers per hour.",
    "Llamas communicate with each other through a variety of ear, tail and body postures. They also have a range of vocalisations including soft hums and a shrill alarm call to warn others of danger.",
    "Llamas are herbivores. Llamas eat grass, hay, and grain, and as browsers, also like bark and twigs. For treats they love cut up apples and carrots.",
    "Similarly to humans, Llamas do not have a specific mating period but can produce offspring all year round.",
    "Llamas contribute much more than transportation to the human communities in which they live. Leather is made from their hides, and their wool is crafted into ropes, rugs, and fabrics. Llama dung makes great fuel—and fertilizer. In fact, it may have helped the Incans grow corn and survive in the Andes."
    "Despite their large size, llamas feet have on average less of an impact on the ground than a hiker’s boots."
    
]
